Composition of the 'Simulation_Case_9' closed loop simulation:

- The embedded final Guidance algorithm based Integrated Line-Of-Sight: an integral term
  has been integrated to the expression of the heading aimed. It is used in order to have
  a non-null heading bearing even if the track error is nul (i.e even if the ship is on its
  desired trajectory). Indeed, without this dynamic integration term, the heading is null
  if the ship follows its trajectory which is an undesired behaviour since there is no reason
  to aim for a null heading.

- The Control algorithm based on PD-Filtered control. No blocks, only embedded functions.
  A manual switch is possible allowing to use the controller synthetized using the H_Infinity
  Optimizator.

- The actuator model is based on a 'zero' order model of saturations. Again, no blocks and
  future embedded saturation function used.

- First order Nomoto model used for the system modelling. The physics being continuous: no
  discretization of the system dynamics. Switch from LTI to an LPV in the velocity.

- Very dimensionning 6° to 10° heading variation due to waves added to perturb the heading of 
  the system.

- Navigation: high pass filter in order to keep only the low frequency of the command, that shall
  only contain the perturbation due to waves. The resulting signal is then injected into
  a two-staged ARMA model allowing to estimate the frequency and damping of the waves.
  In parallel, EKF to fuse and filter measurements from Magnetometer, GPS and INS sensors.
  Therefore, use of the Heading filtered and the estimation of the parameters of the wave to obtain,
  through a Kalman Filter Estimator (KF linear), the components du to control and not the perturbed one.

Neglected elements:

- More developped model of the actuators.

Conclusions:
------------

- A fine tuning of the global EKF has finally be found. It allows for the embedded 
  wave estimator afterward to estimate, in the good manner, the dynamics at low frequency
  of the ship corresponding to the one to send to the controller.

- The embedded PDF-Controller allows to stabilize well the ship subject to random-noise
  heading perturbations due to waves. The performance are quite remarquable even in presence
  of these said perturbations: response time, rejection of the wave perturbation and damping
  are very good. Good online estimation of the dynamics parameters of the wave model.

- The Integrated Line-Of-Sight (ILOS) Guidance algorithm performs well, allowing to produce
  a smooth heading aimed trajectory profile based on realistic features such as the maximal
  doable rudder angle, the rudder rate reachable..etc.

- In the previous Simulators, decreasing the saturation of the rudder rate angle would have
  resulted in a degradation of the system response. However, by improving the Guidance algorithm
  by using a model as a reference as well as integration term and realistic constraint to produce
  a smooth trajectory, even with the use of very stringent constraints on the rudder rate, the 
  heading is respected and the system stays stable.

- One sees that the negative point however, is that by increasing the values of the input of 
  the white noise for wave perturbation, by reaching around +-15°/s of perturbations and using
  the PDF-Controller, the output diverges. However, by switching to the use of the order 3
  controller used thanks to the H_Infinity synthesis, the system is quite stable even in presence
  of very high disturbing heading wave.
  










 







